Fix bug for integer compressed images with blanks (#16550)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/io.fits/16550.bugfix.rst

> Fix bug for integer compressed images with blanks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a spurious exception when reading integer compressed images with blanks.
```

Author: It is in fact a bug, but I'll accept this anyway!

Reviewer: indeed it is, but it'll be marked as such anyway in the final changelog since the file name contains 'bugfix' :)
